
Page 2 of 2  Case Study 3: Congratulations Students!!!  At last the management of PUCIT has admitted that hot sunny weather is one of the major factors behind any student’s poor performance. Moreover, the water coolers present in the campus are more effective in preparing tea as you can get as hot water as you want out of it. After taking into account this serious matter, PUCIT has planned to place automatic ‘soft drink dispenser machines’ in the corridors (WOW!!!). So, the students can quench their thirst and refresh themselves after every lecture.  A student inserts coins in the machine. Machine must check the currency type of the coins (American coins are not allowed folks!!!). A menu is displayed on the screen. Student selects the desired drink and enters the number of bottles he/she wants. The machine checks the availability of the selected item. Once verified, the total amount is calculated and balance is returned to the customer. The machine then ejects the required drink so that you can attend the next lecture with all your six senses working properly. Case Study 4: In a courier management system, a customer reaches at courier shop and asks for dispatching of his goods. An attendee verifies his goods and allots an identification number to his goods. Along with this he calculates the amount, which will be charged from customer. After proper packing, a bill is generated whose one copy is given to customer and one copy is kept in record. All the goods received in a day are sorted out according to destination, which  can  be  identified  by  unique  ID  number  allotted  to  each  courier  order.    All  courier  orders  along  with  their  documents  are  sent  to  their appropriate destinations. Destination courier centers receive these orders and record their entries. All courier orders are dropped to their destination, and a signature is taken from each receiving person of courier order. This is recorded in the system, which automatically updates the record at base center from where these courier orders are initiated.  Note: Two DFDs will be made (One for source courier and one for destination courier)